Adrenaline - Dots on the screen forming a pattern

Bouncing Flask - Potion tossing

Blizzard - falling objects from sky

Bludgeon / Sunder - Massive vertical hit impact

Carnage - A bunch of different attacks

Clash / Signature Move - Crossed Swords attack effect

Claw / Rip and Tear - Claw slash attack effect

Expunger / Flying Sleeves - Diagonal purple attack effect

Corruption - Misc evil-looking splotches around the character on cast

Dagger Spray - Lines of color in a fan

Dagger Throw / Flechettes - Lines of color in a straight line, slightly angled

Devotion / Inner Peace - Full screen edge effect

Die Die Die - lots of slashes around the entire enemy area

Feed - Chomp attack effect

Flame Barrier - Circle of fire around character effect

Foresight - Eyeball above character

Grand Finale - Falling leaves, spotlight

Heavy Blade - Massive hit attack impact

Hemokinesis - Red orbs from player to target

Hyperbeam / Mind Blast - full screen laser

Inflame (or most Strength things) - Flames on character going up effect

Intimidate - Squiggles from character

Iron Wave - Falling lines attack impact

Offering - Blood droplets, red screen edge effect

Piercing Wail / Rage - Colored outward wave

Pressure Points - Thin purple line

Through Violence - Series of purple horizontal angled slashes

Scrape - Downward Claw scratches

Searing Blow - Flame wave attack impact

Sweeping Beam - Travelling laser along ground

Third Eye - four-way purple effect around player

Vault - Gold border glow, speed streaks of gold from right to left

Wallop - Bunch of stars flying out of target

Whirlwind - Speed streaks of white flying from left to right

Divinity Stance entering - has some neat quick purple effects zipping into the player before going into the eyeballs

Mystic

Disintegrate - Simple red color of Mind Blast but it looks nice

Lightning Bolt - Side-tilted lightning bolt, works well

Magic Missile - travelling wavy projectiles

Obscuring Mist - green flame version of Flame Barrier

Snowball - Alternate color fire hit impact

Champ - Execute has a unique vertical slice impact

Hermit

No Holds Barred - interesting pattern of slashes and punch hits

Purgatory - Green, shorter full screen hexaburn effect

Astrologer

Black Hole - Base game effect, purple side wall crushing (where's this from).  Also a really nice looking "pull cards from anywhere for a big effect" visual.

Judgement - Nice looking cyan version of Bludgeon

Cataclysm - Multi-colored wave effect

Bard

Faerie Fire - Cascading glow particles fall from the ceiling

Finger of Death - Orange wavy Hyperbeam

Invisibility - Bard disappears

Life Drain - Orangeish temp hp particles swirl from enemy to you

Reverse Gravity - All enemies flip into the air, upside down, then fall and take impact damage

Shout - Piercing Wail recolor

Animator

Nothing, surprisingly.

The Marked

Chains effect on Banish Resistance power (like Banishing Wave)

Dispel Doubt - Dust on player, could be an alternate smoke bomb type effect

Summon Alyssa's Blade effects - nice glow and a sprite overhead

100% Spire Juice

Cloud of Seagulls - nice visual of seagulls swooping in from over head.  Same movement could be attached to any sprite or effect.

Senshi

Burning Mandela - Nice 'make some projectiles and then launch them' effect for movement.

Moon Twilight Flash - Vertical beam.  Base game idea I think, just a vertical beam.

Sailor Planet Attack - Spawning and rotating of images that float around character for a bit, then attack.  Nice motion framework.

Supersonic Waves - Nice fan pattern with a sound wave visual I think is unique to the mod

Showman

Crashing Lights - Render an image, drop it on a guy, then it falls offscreen

Pocket Sand - Wave blast of sand particles, quite nice

Throwing Cards - Thrown card that falls offscreen

Van de Graffe's Revenge - Orbs are thrown upwards that fire lightning bolts!  Very nice effect

Servant

Dual Dimension - Eerie blue glow around character

Blackbeard (I made both of these haha)

Boost Morale - Rainbow sparklies

Cannonball / etc - Fires a cannonball at the enemy, which impacts and bounces away

Hierophant

Fervor - Slowly building flames on character

Punishment - Orange lightning

Smite - GIGANTIC GODLY LASER FROM ABOVE!!!




VFX To Do:

Slime Boss

Disrupting Slam - Maybe use an Iron Wave effect?

Equalize - Could warrant something custom maybe.  Scales that appear overhead, then drop, then fade away?

Flame Tackle - Use Searing Blow hit

Liquidate - Use Inflame effects but going down and colored purple

Nibble - should use a Bite hit, maybe smaller or faster than normal - maybe a few of them in sequence

One-Two Combo - Could use a couple of the small hits from Carnage

Prepare/Prepare Crush - maybe use the flash and image from the summon sword effect of Marked, image is just a big set of question marks

Roll Through - maybe a custom 'spinning big slime ball rolling through the enemies' effect

Rally the Troops - green colored 'shout' wave effect

The Guardian

Accelerate - yellow sparks coming off of the Stasis Slot the card is in!?

Strike - maybe Strike could swap to the claw effect used in Rip and Tear?

Crystal Ray - beam effect, increasing in size with damage dealt, multicolored based on gems in cards. it'd be crazy, but good?

Incinerate - Flamethrower

Priming Shot - beam maybe?

Roll Attack - far cry from realistic, but it could be funny to have Guardian actually roll if the Defensive Mode triggers

Temporal cards - Bluish version of regular attack/defend animations (I have code for this already, add it later)

Prismatic Barrier/Spray - recolor the damage/block effects based on Gems in the card!? IE, Ruby Sapphire Quartz would have regular beam, red beam, blue beam, white beam

Refracted Beam - Rainbow beam. Art is so good on these.

Time Bomb - might be cool to have it do the Astrologer's Cataclysm wave in reverse time, then the explosion

Bauble Burst - Same vfx as Wallop, or similar

Gem Cannon - is it too much if we actually fired the Gems!?  BLACK HOLE!

Hexaghost

Seals - display the number onscreen like a stamp or something? I'm imagining an I, II, etc popping up somewhere for sure.

Force-Ignite - orange/yellow sparks coming off of the Force-Ignited Ghostflame. will need some refactoring if we do this, as Force Ignite is currently not actually an action

Poltergeist - some kind of ghostly projectile / helper / something, inspired by Summon Orb

Charged Barrage - a barrage of fire, actually lobbed at the enemy

Doomsday - when the power triggers during Ignition, light up the screen edges orange

Rain of Embers - embers fall from the sky

Sixth Seal - card reward has spooky particles coming off it in the rewards screen?

Heat Metal - enemy bursts into green flames when the Soulburn reapplication happens

Ghost Lash - send a swirling ghostly thing at an enemy? Moving like the ghosts in Haunting Echo's art

Ghostflame Wall - green version of flame barrier, if I haven't already done that

Incorporeal - Fade in and out of existence, temporary like Puddle Form

Radiant Flame - this could be another spot for a helper-esque thing.

Unleash Spirits - Same swirling ghost into the enemy effect as Ghost Lash, but for every card?

Searing Wound - Some kind of pain effect

Automaton

Bug Barrage - launch glitches at an enemy?

Cultist Strike - maybe cacaw on Compile.

Break - something brutal

Mutator - Steal jobby's transform vfx for this.

Oil Spill - poison launch effect?

Sticky Shield - green version of the regular block vfx (should have code for this)

Dark Dash - some kind of dark attack.

Merge Conflict - blue beam, like the art

Hardcode - some kind of golden reskin or something in the Function UI while you have the power to make it clear the next Func is going to deck?

Virus - same as Mutator

Early Access - Red beam